This textfile accompanies the LEVELS.D11 and LEVEL.L11 files. These three
files come together in the archive SPLVLS11.ZIP and may be distributed for
free, as long as the original files are left unchanged and they stay together
in one archive.

Be sure to check out the Supaplex Webpage too! Do a websearch for "Supaplex"
or check http://huizen.dds.nl/~ep/ for the current location.
The Supaplex page contains lots of software, new levels (including the latest
version of this, and other collections), solutions and more. Everything about
Supaplex.

There are two ways to enjoy these levels:
 - If you have the Supaplex Speed-Fix (by Herman Perk, you can download it
   from my Supaplex page, see above) you can use certain commandline options
   to use these datafiles directly. All you have to do is copy LEVELS.D11 and
   LEVEL.L11 to your Supaplex directory, and use the proper SpeedFix option.
 - If you do not have the Supaplex Speed-Fix you must first make a backup
   copy of LEVELS.DAT and LEVEL.LST (which came with the original Supaplex)
   then, you simply copy LEVELS.D11 to LEVELS.DAT and LEVEL.L11 to LEVEL.LST
   and you're ready to play.

Please note that the levels do not appear in order of difficulty, but in the
order in which I received them. You might want to edit the PLAYER.LST file
so you can start any level right away (or use the SpeedFix '#' option).

If you want to create your own levels, try out the Supaplex Level Editor. You
can find it on my Supaplex webpage (see above)

If you have made one or more Supaplex levels yourself, please send them to me
so I can include them in the collection. There is no need for the levels to
be extremely difficult, or easy, or anything else. Note that I will only
accept levels with their solution (you can record a demo of how to
solve the level with the SpeedFix v5.2 or higer) because there seem to be
some questions about the solvability of some levels, and it's not much fun
to try to solve a level that you can't.

You can send me email with the level(s) attached or uuencoded to my email
  address: ep@dds.nl
You can send a disk with the levels(s) via snailmail to:
  Elmer Productions
  Schoutstraat 24
  5663 EZ GELDROP
  The Netherlands

Level(s)- Author                      Email (optional)
 1 - 40   Nils-Johnny Friis           n-jfriis@online.no
                                      Homepage http://home.sol.no/~n-jf/
